#Question 1: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Shows the areas / lines of code that were removed from or added to the second file from the first.

#Question 2: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Can easily review changes and gain an understanding of why thing changed over time. It can also reduce the need for a long
descriptive document of changes within the file as the history in maintained.

#Question 3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros are by choosing when to commit you can insure that each commit contains a logical unit of work. The cons is that it requires
discipline by the developer to make the commit.

#Question 4: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Each system has a different focus or usage type. Git is for developing software systems with many source code files that typically are related or have dependencies with each other. A change will usually involve multiple files / dependencies. Git doc on the other hand is typically a single file that stands alone in its entirety.

#Question 5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log to see the history of commits. git diff to compare the actual changes made between the two commits.

#Question 6: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
I know that I have a guarenteed recovery point so any bugs that I introduce can be automatically removed by checking out a previous version.

#Question 7: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to use git for students to be able to develop using Git for the fall 2018 semester in csc462.







